The placing on this list is based off of a
poll where over 11,000 people voted for their
favorite sith lord.
At number 10, with 350 votes, is Vitiate,
better yet known simply as the Sith Emperor.
He was born over 5,000 years before the clone
wars.
By the moment he was born, Vitiate was as
power hungry and evil as you can get.
At just the young age of 6, he had already
taken someone’s life.
His stepfather's life, after witnessing him
beat his mother.
But Vitiate didn’t kill him out of kindness,
as afterwards he went on to torture his own
mother for months with the force before finally
ending her life too.
The pain and anger produced from these killings
fed him power and fueled his ambitions.
After killing his mother, he went on a rampage
and slaughtered countless inhabitants on the
planet he was on, forcing those who were strong
enough to serve him.
By the time he was only 13 years old, he had
conquered his entire homeworld on his own.
His lust for power didn’t end there.
When he was older he went on to trick 8,000
sith lords to participate in a ritual that
resulted in their deaths, with all of their
life forces being consumed by Vitiate which
gave him immeasurable amounts of power and
made him immortal.
After the ritual, he probably became the most
powerful sith lord to ever live at that point
in history.
He was so powerful that he even defeated the
renowned Jedi Revan and Malak, turning them
both to the dark side.
He then secretly constructed a new sith empire,
emerging from the shadows of the galaxy and
waging war on the republic and taking over
half of the galaxy.
Although he was onset on taking over the galaxy,
his end goal wasn’t to rule it, but rather
to destroy it and consume every living being’s
life force, which would have gave him eternal
life and the ability to do anything he pleased.
He basically would have become a god at that
point had he succeeded.
Anyway he was killed multiple times over the
course of a few centuries.
Multiples times, in that he was able to transfer
his consciousness through the force into other
bodies and cheat death.
During his time as the Sith Emperor he was
secretly constructing another galactic empire
known as the eternal empire, to which he began
to later rule and was then known as Valkorion.
But at that point he wasn’t exactly a sith
lord, but rather just a dark side user, so
we’ll end the summary here.
From your guys’ comments, most of you voted
for Vitiate due to his incredible force powers
and the fact that he achieved immortality,
as well as for his very evil and cold hearted
personality.
At number 9, with 374 votes, is Darth Plagueis.
A wealthy Muun banker to the public eye, Plagueis
was in reality a hidden sith lord who is best
known for being the master of Palpatine and
for his manipulations of midichlorians.
Like most Sith, Plagueis strived to achieve
immortality, except he took it a bit to the
extreme, especially in his later years.
He experimented with the force and manipulated
the midichlorians to create life, believing
that was the path to success.
He was somewhat successful, being able to
keep his loved ones alive and even resurrect
others.
It is also believed that Plagueis indirectly
created Anakin Skywalker, by accidently conceiving
him through the force with his manipulations
of the midichlorians.
Which means Plagues is technically Anakin’s
father.
Anyway, as we know through Palpatine’s tale,
Plagueis was ultimately betrayed by his own
apprentice, aka the guy telling the story.
Plagueis was killed in his sleep after Palpatine
cemented his rise to chancellorship, viewing
his former master as nothing more but a loose
end at that point.
Although his apprentice was a psychopathic
monster, Plagueis himself was actually really
reasonable and kind of nice, well for a sith
that is.
He came to view Palpatine as an equal despite
him being his apprentice and he even trusted
him with his life, which was a fatal mistake
as Palpatine betrayed him the moment he had
the chance.
Many people voted for Plagueis due to his
calm and intelligent personality, and for
the fact that he laid the groundwork for the
Sith’s takeover of the galaxy.
And also because some people believe him to
be Snoke.
At number 8, with 396 votes, is Darth Bane.
Born about 1,000 years before the clone wars,
the soon to be Darth Bane was at first a simple
miner who was only known as Dessel.
After a heated game of Sabacc, Dessel killed
an angry Republic officer in self defense,
after the officer attacked him over losing
the game.
Desperate in avoiding the authorities, Dessel
smuggled himself out of Republic territory
and into the Sith Empire.
He quickly became a footsoldier within the
Sith army, but was then taken out of it when
it was discovered that he was force sensitive.
He was sent to the Sith academy on Korriban
for training and became known as Bane afterwards.
Although he became an excellent warrior, he
soon lost his faith to the group running the
place, viewing the brotherhood of darkness
as cowards.
Bane went on to study Darth Revan’s sith
holocron on the planet Lehon.
With this new knowledge, Bane destroyed the
brotherhood of darkness and created his own
Sith Order.
In his order he instituted the rule of two:
which stated that there can only be two sith
at any given time, a master and an apprentice.
This was to prevent the endless infighting
among sith seen in past sith orders.
Bane later picked the young girl Zannah to
be his apprentice and the one he would pass
his knowledge down to.
A decade passed, and Bane’s existence was
discovered by the Jedi.
The Jedi sent a strike team to kill him and
his apprentice.
Despite being outnumbered, Bane and Zannah
were able to defeat them but at the cost of
Bane sustaining an injury.
They both went into hiding, during which Bane
healed himself.
A decade later and Bane’s rule of two was
put to a test.
Believing she was ready to surpass her master,
Zennah instigated a duel with Bane seeking
to replace him.
The first duel between ended with a draw,
with Bane escaping.
Shortly after a second duel was fought between
them, in which Darth Bane was finally defeated.
His apprentice continued his rule of two by
taking on her own apprentice Darth Cognus.
This same cycle continued on for centuries
in the shadows with it finally building up
to Darth Sidious who went on to destroy the
Jedi Order through deception and manipulation.
Most people who voted for Darth Bane seemed
to vote for him because he created the rule
of two which paved the path for the sith to
eventually take over the galaxy.
At number 7, with 406 votes, is Darth Talon.
Born over 100 years after the clone wars,
this rare red colored twi'lek was brought
up under Darth Crate’s Sith Empire.
She quickly rose through the ranks after killing
her master, Darth Ruyn, and she later achieved
the high rank of becoming a Hand of Darth
Crate’s order.
She was given a mission to capture Cade Skywalker
and to convert him to the dark side.
During her time with Cade, they developed
a relationship with each other.
But it didn’t last long, with Cade eventually
injuring her in a fight.
After Darth Crate was defeated by Cade Skywalker,
Darth Talon and all the other remaining Sith
of the order went into hiding.
Her ultimate fate is left unknown.
Many people voted for her because of her unending
loyalty to her master and also because of
how she looks.
At number 6, with 444 votes, is Darth Tyranus.
Originally a long devoted Jedi, Dooku became
very disaffected with the Jedi Order and the
Republic they were serving, viewing both as
corrupt institutions that have lost their
ways.
Being regarded as one of the greatest Jedi
at the time, Dooku’s departure was a major
blow to the Order and the Masters who knew
him.
The Jedi eventually created a bust in his
name and viewed his departure as a failure
in their own ways.
Dooku eventually fell to the dark side and
became Palpatine’s apprentice, taking the
name of Darth Tyranus.
Together they schemed the ultimate sith plot
on destroying the Jedi and taking over the
galaxy.
They did this by starting the Clone Wars and
tricking the Jedi into accepting an army whose
sole purpose was to betray and destroy them.
Unfortunately for Dooku, he was betrayed by
Palpatine once he was defeated by Anakin Skywalker,
who went on to replace him as Palpatine’s
new apprentice.
Many people voted for Count Dooku because
he was played by Christopher Lee and for his
very elegant lightsaber fighting style.
At number 5, with 698 votes, is Darth Sidious.
Born to a wealthy family on the planet of
Naboo, Sheev Palpatine sought power from a
very young age.
Viewed and treated as an outcast by his family,
Palpatine eventually got his revenge by secretly
killing them when he was a young adult.
He was later taken in as an apprentice to
Darth Plagueis and was trained in the dark
side.
Along with his Sith teachings, Palpatine was
groomed to become an influential politician
who would spear head the Sith plot by becoming
the supreme chancellor, as in Plagueis’
opinion only a Human could become Supreme
Chancellor within the Republic at that point.
And seeing the recent history of the chancellorship,
it seemed he wasn’t wrong.
Anyway, once Palpatine cemented his rise to
becoming the Supreme Chancellor, he killed
Plagueis in his sleep, as he viewed him as
nothing more but a nuisance at that point.
As Chancellor.
Palpatine manipulated the galaxy throughout
the galaxy, staging crises that allowed him
to extend his terms and eventually gain emergency
powers once the clone wars erupted.
After the Jedi were destroyed from Order 66,
Palpatine declared himself emperor of his
new galactic empire.
He ruled with an iron fist for the next 2
decades before finally being betrayed and
killed by Darth Vader.
But his story didn’t end there.
In Legends, Palpatine came back to life through
transferring his consciousness into clone
bodies he had stored on secret worlds across
the galaxy.
Once ready, he wrecked havoc in the galaxy
and forced the emerging New Republic back
into a full out war.
He finally was defeated after Han Solo killed
his last clone body and when a Jedi named
Brand consumed Palpatine’s spirit and trapped
him along with every other deceased Jedi in
the force itself.
Most of his votes came from people who enjoyed
his manipulative personality which allowed
him to trick the Jedi into their own destruction
and cementing himself to becoming Emperor
of the galaxy.
At number 4, with 967 votes, is Darth Nihilus.
He is another sith from the Old Republic era,
being active almost 4,000 years before the
clone wars.
Losing everything as a young man during the
Mandalorian Wars, the soon to be Nihilus was
consumed with immense pain that later developed
into a strange hunger for relief through the
force.
This hunger could only be cured by stealing
the force energies of living beings.
But the relief only lasted for a short time,
as the hunger came back worse than ever before
demanding Nihilus to continue draining his
prey.
He soon became a slave to this hunger, committing
all of his time to feeding on people’s force
energies.
He continued to do this until he was taken
in by Darth Traya, a former Jedi turned Sith
who wished to make him into her student so
she could hone his abilities and make him
into her powerful servant.
She eventually granted him Darth Nihilus and
the title Lord of Hunger.
With all the training he had received, Nihilus
was able to drain entire planets for all of
their life forces, making him one of the most
powerful Sith to ever live.
Unfortunately for Traya, she was betrayed
by Nihilus and a few other students.
Doing pretty much his own thing now, Nihilus
continued to force drain as many beings as
he possibly could, eventually destroying his
physical body as it could no longer contain
all the energies he had consumed.
This forced him to use the force to encase
himself into a mask and robe.
He later took on an apprentice named Visas
Marr, a survivor from one of the planets he
consumed to destruction.
Marr would eventually betray her master and
team up with Jedi Master Meetra Surik and
the current Mandalore to defeat Nihilus.
Although he was defeated his force spirit
remained alive and later became a force ghost
on the planet Korriban.
Many people voted for Darth Nihilus due to
how uniquely powerful he was and for his ability
to destroy all life on planets, and also because
many people like the design of his mask.
At number 3, with 1,350 votes, is Darth Maul.
Originally only supposed to act as a Sith
assassin for both Palpatine and Plagueis,
Maul become a full blown Sith Lord once Palpatine
betrayed his own master and made him his apprentice.
Though this apprenticeship was short lived
once Maul was defeated at the hands of Obi
Wan when he was cut down.
Believed to be dead, Maul was soon replaced
by Dooku as Palpatine’s new apprentice.
But he wasn’t dead and he continued to live
on a junk planet for the next 10 years where
he went insane over his failures and defeat
at the hands of Obi Wan.
He finally came to when his brother Savage
Opress brought him back to Dathomir and had
nightsister magic make him sane again.
Now back and seeking revenge, Maul wrecked
havoc across the outer rim, trying to lure
out Obi Wan in an attempt to destroy him and
later attempting to take over the galaxy by
taking power over Mandalore and crime syndicates.
But his plans were crushed when Palpatine
discovered his existence and took care of
him, capturing his former apprentice and bringing
him to Stygeon Prime where he was tortured.
Palpatine’s ultimate plan was not to kill
Maul, but rather to use him as bait in order
to lure out Mother Talzin and to kill her
once and for all.
Maul fell for this trap eventually leading
Palpatine and his henchmen to Talzin and having
her get killed.
After witnessing his own mother get killed,
Maul went into hiding and pretty much became
a shadow of his former self.
He reappeared almost 2 decades later and he
tried to turn Ezra to the dark side and make
him his apprentice, but he has currently found
no success in doing so.
Maul gained many votes for his persistence
in staying alive and unending rage that’s
been motivating him in getting his revenge
on Obi Wan.
He also gained many votes for his tattoos
and double bladed lightsaber.
At number 2, with 2,741 votes, is Darth Vader.
Probably the most iconic villain in not only
Star Wars but in all of cinema, Darth Vader
made his first menacing appearance in a New
Hope and he returned back again in last years
Rogue One where he proved once again to audiences
that he is a force to be feared.
He was the emperor’s main enforcer and was
typically found spearheading operations, from
hunting down Jedi to chasing down rebels.
Although his injuries limited his ability
to perform some force powers, like force lightning,
he was still a monster in lightsaber combat.
His strikes were so strong and heavy hitting,
that he was able to overpower most low level
Jedi with just a few hits, knocking their
lightsabers out of their hands and then landing
a killing blow on them.
Although he at first was pretty much completely
loyal to his master, this loyalty quickly
slipped once Vader discovered he had a son.
While he was unable to convince his son to
join him and rule the galaxy at his side,
he did eventually save Luke’s life by sacrificing
his life in killing Emperor Palpatine.
People voted for Vader for multiple reasons,
from his iconic voice and suit to his character
development of a broken man who was corrupted
and twisted both mentally and physically by
Palpatine but was able to ultimately overcome
this and take down the man who had kept him
in chains for decades.
Before we mention number 1, we have a few
honorable mentions.
First is Darth Crate, for getting 11th place
with 185 votes.
He was the creator of the Rule of One and
the main antagonist of the star wars Legacy
series.
Second is Darth Malgus for getting the most
write in votes.
He was a prominent warrior for the Sith Empire
and was the one who led the sacking of Coruscant
during the Great Galactic War.
And finally a shout out to the 12 people who
mistook this star wars poll for a fast food
drive through.
At number one, with 2,942 votes, is Darth
Revan.
Originally a prominent Jedi who led the republic
in the Mandalorian wars, Revan turned to the
dark side when he and his friend Malak confronted
the Sith Emperor known as Vitiate.
As a sith lord, Darth Revan started the Jedi
civil war and killed multiple Jedi.
He was eventually betrayed by his friend,
Darth Malak, and he was believed to have been
dead.
But he survived and he eventually recovered
but with no memory of who he was.
Knowing how powerful he was and wishing to
exploit his powers for themselves, the Jedi
decided to retrain him in the Jedi ways again
so they could later use him.
Once retrained as a Jedi, Revan was sent to
kill his former friend, Darth Malak.
He succeeded.
After a while, the memories of his past life
started to reappear.
This caused him to search for answers, and
during this search he was captured by the
sith and kept as a prisoner.
As a prisoner, he was constantly tortured
by the Sith Emperor, eventually causing his
mind to split into two halves, the light and
the dark.
The dark side of Revan sought to destroy the
Sith Emperor once and for all through extreme
methods.
But before he was able to accomplish this,
he was defeated by the republic and the light
side of Revan.
After everything, Revan finally was able to
go out in peace as he became one with the
force.
Many people voted for Revan because of how
he went out of his way to do what he believed
was right, even if it meant going against
the wishes of the Jedi.
His struggle between the light and the dark
was also a reason people voted for him.
Thanks for watching our top ten list.
Let us know if you enjoyed this video and
wish to see more like it, with other subjects
and categories concerning star wars.
Feel free to comment below with what you want
to see in the future, and upvote the comments
that you agree with.
Also let us know what you want us to change
in our format for these videos, and if there’s
anything we should add or remove.
All feedback will be greatly appreciated.